---
title: Значение имени Сева (на англ)
description: Описание на английском
author: Сева Р
date: 2021-05-10T02:09:37.972Z
tags:
  - created
---
В продолжении темы моего имени. Вот такое письмо приходит от 3НО.

> Sat Nam, dear brother in divine,
>
> Your request for a spiritual name has been gratefully received.
>
> You have been blessed to live as Randev Seva Singh, the angelic Lion of God who fearlessly overcomes every challenge in life through the performance of great devotional service.
>
> Ran refers to battle. Dev means divine or angelic. Seva is devotional service. All males receive the name Singh -- the Lion of God who walks with grace and courage throughout his life. Yogi Bhajan taught that every man can attain this divine state and encouraged all to manifest it.
>
> Use the power of your name, Randev Seva Singh, to reveal your gift of fearlessly personifying victory over all of life’s challenges by serving with profound devotion. Make each breath a reminder of who you are as a pure and limitless angel to keep immersed in this selfless blessing. In this way your celestial oneness with the Divine in all brings compassion, strength and joy to the minds and hearts of those around you. Let the wonderful sound of your name lead you to the highest fulfillment of your soul.
>
> The power of your spiritual name is that the more you speak and hear it, the more it permeates your being, opening you to experience its nadh (universal inner sound current). Consciously merge with the vibration of the nadh to come into harmony with your highest destiny.
>
> In the Name of the Cosmos which prevails through everyBODY, and the Holy Nam which holds the world. 
>
> Many blessings,
>
> Nirinjan Kaur
> Director of Spiritual Names